Add instructions for debug toasts (#7)
liftoffio/LiftoffAds-Android: README.md

| `liftoff-rewarded-video-test`     | Rewarded Interstitial | VAST video             |
| `liftoff-native-test`             | Native                | Native                 |

> #### Debugging failures

Reviewer: FYI, we have a "Troubleshooting" section that would be a better section for this.

> It is possible to turn on the debug mode and observe ads failures as toasts. In
> order to see those toasts with error messages you need the following:

Reviewer: Slightly less awkward phrasing:
```suggestion
You can observe the reason for an ad load failure as a toast message.
To enable toast messages, turn on debug mode:
```

```kotlin
// Turn on the debug mode via MoPub configuration.
with(sdkConfig) {
  // ...
  withMediatedNetworkConfiguration(
    LiftoffAdapterConfiguration::class.java.name,
    mapOf(
      "apiKey" to LIFTOFF_API_KEY, 
      "debug" to "true" // <--
    )
  )
}

> // Or set the field directly if you use self-mediated setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Or set the field directly if you use a self-mediated setup.
```
